Break-down the react docs (#2190)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: _includes/integrations/react-quick-start.md

            onInit={(evt, editor) => editorRef.current = editor}
            initialValue="<p>This is the initial content of the editor.</p>"
            init={% raw %}{{{% endraw %}
              plugins: 'lists link image table code help wordcount'
            {% raw %}}}{% endraw %}
          />
          <button onClick={log}>Log editor content</button>
        </>
      );
    }
    ```

>     This JavaScript file will create the class `App` containing a {{site.productname}} editor configured with basic features.

Reviewer: There is no class in the example. I would recommend replacing "class" with "component".

Author: ```suggestion
    This JavaScript file will create a component "`App`" containing a {{site.productname}} editor configured with basic features.
```
